Husband, how did you find this place?
I saw you were injured yesterday.
So I want to come to the hospital to buy you some antimicrobial medicine.
Then I saw you going to the rooftop.
I'll just follow him.
Husband, do you still want to get up at that time?
Leave the money for us,
At that time, I was taking a job.
Who were you just with?
I was alone just now.
You are born with someone who belongs to you.
Then maybe after you went out and paid for it, your zodiac sign arrived, husband.
It's okay. Husband.
I suddenly remembered. I suddenly remembered. Think of it. Think of it. Think of it. Think of it. Think of it. Think of it. Think of it. Think of it. Think of it. Think of it. Think of it. Think of it.
I also have the Prince of Medicine
How about you go back first?
Then I will wait for you
Husband, you forgot
Once there was a star pen
And I have never bought acquaintance
Ake is the president of Qingshi Group
Love story about eating sister
If our company can cooperate with Qingshi Group
Cooperation will definitely bring us to a higher level
Who are you to buy it?
Mr. Zi, can you please give me a moment?
I beg you
I'll go to the next level
How about giving it to us after you ask for it?
Don't be sure
Ben died beside you
I'm very happy that I can pick it up. I still have it.
The best medicine king, you say it, you say it
Worthy of what you want
I can give it to you
Go tell the class the truth before leaving.
You said it, I already know it
When you just called them
I heard it all
He is a good person before work
Just help him, right? Come back and feed Brother Bing.
Do you still remember the waste of Zhou En that I owed you?
Help me save the money and get it in place
Everything is fine, just don't kill me
Just make something
If no one is there, I can take you
Let me tell you the truth
What did you say today?